Brilliant.
Yeah, nice attacking play by the Dane.
>> Yeah, that first round match against Nat
New must have left its mark physically.
Good rally.
Yeah, that's his favorite shot,
Antonensson. That round the head
crosscourt.
Brilliant.
Weathered the storm in the majority of
the rally, Lia said. Then suddenly here
puts the smash in and follows up well as
well.
Nice.
What a perfect lift.
>> Perfect.
over
115.
>> Ladies and gentlemen,
>> good follow up. Oh my goodness, that's
good defense from Lesen.
Wow.
Back hand smash from Anenson. He doesn't
play many of those.
>> Brilliant.
Game point opportunities for Luxen.
>> Game point 13.
>> That's gone wide as well. That's
careless.
>> Goodness me.
>> 2113
opening game
>> to Lesen against the defending champion
and twotime winner number two seed Anna
Zantensson.
He's
being a lot more proactive now. Anson
It's landed in. That's a great backhand
clear from
>> Luxen.
That's so clever from Luxen.
Nice.
>> He did that in the opening game and I
noted it. A net shot off the net shot
and Luxen back pedalling waiting for the
lift.
Brilliant. Utterly brilliant from Laxia
saying that defensive shot.
Beautiful
reverse slice on that push
creating the disguise.
>> Good net shot.
>> Forces the error.
9.
Brilliant angle. Suddenly they both went
a little passive. High clears.
>> Now what Antonson has been gaining
advantage with is his fast play.
Brilliant. Gosh, that's a good smash.
After a long, long rally, making the
physical effort to get behind the shot
to play the smash.
Brilliant.
>> What a super rally. An incredible
defense
from Lakshia Sen.
He's
done it.
>> That was a magnificent performance
by Luxen.
2113 214
when you look at that score line. 53
minutes
and the defending and twotime champion
Anna Zansenson has been beaten.